docs: more comprehensive description of username normalization (#5772)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/auth/index.md

Usernames on Sourcegraph are normalized according to the following rules.

- Any characters not in `[a-zA-Z0-9-.]` are replaced with `-`

> - Usernames with exactly one `@` character, any portion since the `@` character is removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Usernames with exactly one `@` character are interpreted as an email address, so the username will be extracted by truncating at the `@` character.
```

> - Usernames with two or more `@` characters, they are treated as non-standard characters and both are replaced with `-`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Usernames with two or more `@` characters are not considered an email address, so the `@` will be treated as a non-standard character and be replaced with `-`
```
